When and where were you born?  December 19th, 1956.  Pretty sure I was an 8 am baby.  I was born at the Naval Academy Hospital
in Annapolis, MD.  Although I have no recollection of the event I'm told my parents, your grandparents, were ecstatic about my birth
and I quickly became their favorite.

What's your full name.  Were you named after someone.  Gregg Charles.  You know, with a name like Gregg you'd think someone would
have told me it's origin.  I don't think anyone in the bible was named Gregg.  All my siblings have biblical names.  As a note of interest
I was the only one in my immediate family never to have gone to a Catholic School.  I do not know why this was.  My middle name, Charles
was taken from my Mother's Uncle who while in high school, was hit in the head with a book, developed a tumor, and died.  

My siblings.  Gary Richard.  Born Feb 26 1953.  Gary was the oldest and pretty much went his own way.  My strongest memory of him was
when I was in first grade.  He pinned me to the ground and spit in my mouth.  He was a golfer and he was pretty good but his life led
him away from the sport.  Had he wanted he probably could have gotten a college scholarship.  For golf and maybe baseball.  

Cathryn Marie.  Nov 28, 1954.  Cathy was our hippy chick.  Sometimes that was good.  Sometimes not so good.  She was always so smart.
She went to college in Fairbanks, AK and in Storrs, CT.  When I was 17 and she was 19 we went skinny dipping at Lake Bomoseen in VT.
It's about 5 miles from Rutland.  We'd swim there as a kid and went camping once.  Camping was not any of our family's thing. The perfect
tent is in a Holiday Inn Hotel.

John Joseph (Joe).  Apr 23, 1959.  We moved from the Naval Academy to Newfoundland, Argentina.  Joe was born there.  I think Grandma
was pregnant on the flight there.  Our plane had 4 engines and lost 3 of them on the flight.  Mom, Gary, Cathy and me.  Grandpa was
either already there or coming later.  At the airport I swallowed a nickel.  Not a good way to start any trip.  I don't have any memories
of Joe then.  I don't know if there's any significance to your first memory but mine was talking to my teddy bear and my teddy bear talking
back here.  I also remember playing on the swing in the front yard.  Grandpa's first memory was crawling on the tiled floor in the kitchen. Joe and I were always good friends.  We roamed the entire base (Rhode Island) together.  Went to the pool together.  Played a lot of baseball.  I was a pitcher and short stop and Joe was a catcher.  I was definitely the better hitter. I would yell at him though sometimes because he would never throw the ball all the way back to me in the air.  And yes, it is true, after a loss I kicked my glove all the way home.  Joe wasn't a nutcase about golf but he knew how to play.  

David Michael.  Dec 9, 1962.  Dave was born in Quarters 22 at Quonset Pt, RI.  Grandpa was stationed there on the USS Wasp and the USS ESSEX.  When Dave was about 4 he got hit by a car playing in the street in front of our house.  We were all pissed at him because Grandma
spoiled the shit out of him while he recovered.  I remember that.  It's like he personally owned that couch in the living room.  In that
neighborhood there was probably about 50 kids living within 1/4 mile of us.  We played ball a lot.  Football.  Tennis.  Pool. You name it, the base had it.  Grandma kicked us out every morning in the summer or weekends and we played until lunch.  Then, out again.  At sundown when taps would play the streetlights would come on.  That was our cue to get our asses home for supper.  It was a fun time but I don't
remember much about Dave.  

Mary Ellen.  Nov 27, 1964.  She was also born in Quarters 22 at Quonset PT.  I'm 8 at this time and I pretty much ignored her the next ten years.  As adults we have become very close.  That's fortunate because a lot of families move apart and never get close again.  I have one
memory of her as a teenager.  I came home on leave from the Navy and walked into the house in CT.  Grandma and Grandpa were upstairs and
Mary was in front of the fireplace downstairs - smoking a joint.  She wasn't the least bit concerned about the folks coming down.  I've said this many times, once your kid turns 14, they are on their own.  I think your grandparents shared this thought.  I don't know if they
knew all their kids smoked pot, I suppose they did, but they figured for their own sanity that we'd all grow out of it.  We all did.  Except Mary.  She still loves her bud.


Bernard Richard (Grandpa) was born in Whiting VT Sep 25, 1931.  He was the baby of 18 kids.  Erin was named after his Mom, your great grandmother, Regina. His Dad, your great Grandpa, died in around 1950.  I've heard heart attack and/or cancer.  He never shaved before he went to bed.  On the night he died in his sleep, he shaved.  Just a story I've heard a lot.  Grandpa worked on the Dairy Farm until he graduated HS.  He joined the navy and never shoveled shit again.  I didn't grow close to Grandpa until after your Mom and I got married.  I'd go so far as to say I wasn't a very good son.  I said and did a lot of things back then I regret, but we got through them and later became very close.  He was a good man and I think he would tell us now if he could, that he had a wonderful life.

Verna Margaret (Grandma) was born in Rutland VT on Aug 4, 1932.  She was the second oldest of 8. She spent her whole life in Vermont
until Grandpa joined the Navy.  They moved to Norfolk, VA.  In fact, Grandma did not go to Norfolk.  She's lived with Bama, your great
grandmother until Grandpa could afford her moving down.  Grandma and Great Grandma (Bama) were both pregnant at the same time.  Uncle  
Tommy was born a few weeks before Uncle Gary.  Imagine living in THAT home.  Grandpa would hitchhike up to see her on Friday and hitchhike
back on Sunday.  I did a lot of hitchhiking in my day.  Guess that's where I got that from.  We were hard on your grandmother.   Grandpa
was gone all the time with the Navy.  But no matter how hard we were on her, always know that "I" was full white haired at age 40.  Thanks for that!  She was a great Mom.  She loved travelling, swimming, the beach, and was also very sociable. I feared my Dad from just a stare but the real disciplinarian was Grandma.  And don't ever disrespect her. She was the best Mom ever.  When I left home the first time
it was about 3 in the afternoon.  It was just me and her in the house and she cooked me up a great steak.  I think she thought I wasn't coming back!  She left us far too young and I miss her today as much as I ever have. 

Grandpa's parents.  Moise.  I'm sure he was born in Canada around 1881.  He moved from Canada with a small family and started a farm
in Vermont.  You see the picture of the farm and house on your frames.  He was the first good looking Gibeault.  I like to see a resemblance of him in Brennen.  He died in 1950 of a heart attack at age 69.  So I never knew him.  Of Dad's 18 sibs, I probably knew 15 of them. Uncle Ernie was Grandpa's favorite.  I knew the others but Ernie the most.  The oldest child died a crib death. One of his sisters died from pneumonia as a little girl, and Maurice was killed in WWII.  I've at least met all the others.  

Regina.  Her maiden name was Patenude.  She was born Jun 11 1889 in Enbrun Ontario Canada.  She died at age 98.  She was in the hospital waiting for Grandpa G to show up.  When he did they chatted for a moment and I think she was happy to see her baby and she just closed her eyes and died.  I never felt like the Gibeault family was as close as Granma G's family, the Senacals.  We always wanted to stay at Bama's.  Great Grandma G had a big house.  One side she lived in and the other side she rented.  When your great grandpa died he left her nothing but the house she lived in.  There was no social security, IRA, 401K or anything.  She got to keep the house with no money. Your Great Uncle Ed lost his leg in WWII and he got disability pay.  About $40 a month.  That was how they lived.  Great Grandma got jobs over the years and did cleaning and sewing and such.  I think they had enough money to get by.  If they didn't I'm sure your grandpa gave them what he could afford.  She had a heating grate in her living room floor.  We all thought it was a gateway to Hell.  Another reason we didn't like staying there is because Uncle Ed would leave his leg in the hallway when he went to bed.  It was just a scary thing to see for a little kid.  


Note.  I just discovered that I was probably named after my Grandfather Moise Gibeault.  His first name was Charles.  So, I'll take the Uncle or the Grandfather and/or both is just fine.

Bama Senecal.  Your great grandma.  She had big reunion parties at her house all the time.  I have been to most of them I suppose.  67 Evergreen Ave in Rutland.  It wasn't a big house but a lot of my aunts and uncles lived there.  3 bedroom and an unfinished basement.  It was always immaculate.  At every party all the girls would head to the kitchen to clean and all the men would throw horseshoes, watch TV or sit around and drink beer.  I don't recall Bama every drinking.  In fact, she was about 69 when she first got her driver's license.  She always left mints out for us to steal.  She knew we were stealing them and pretended never to notice.  Bama was 20 years younger than Grandma G.  Your grandmother was living with her in Rutland when Grandpa G was stationed in Norfolk.  He would hitchhike up to Rutland every chance he got.  Maybe that's why I was never afraid of hitchhiking.  Bama was pregnant with Uncle Tommy at the same time Grandma G was pregnant with Uncle Gary.  Gary was born first so he is older than his uncle.  Pretty cool.  I loved everything Bama cooked except she thought she could make ham gravy.  I never liked that and probably because of it ham is not my favorite protein.  We got milk, eggs and bread delivered to the house.  I could go to the local store and buy beer and cigarettes for my grandfather because they knew him, and me.  That little town of Rutland, everybody knew everybody.  It was, and still is, a very cool place.  I was overseas I think when Bama died and did not get to her funeral.  I wrote a poem about her and Uncle Joe put it in her casket.  At least he told me he did!  You guys all met her and one of my favorite pictures is of Erin, Nick, Adam and Bama in it.  She was lucky to have such a big family and we were all lucky to be in it.

Grandpappy.  What I remember.  He smoked filter less cigarettes. Pall Mall I think.  Him and Uncle Dick.  Chain smokers.  He drank Schafer beer out of the quart bottle.  Exclusively.  He built every house he lived in as an adult.  I think they're all still up too.  He built camp when he retired.  Age 65ish.  Uncle Dick helped him.  He got up before the sun every day.  I do not suffer that!  He spent most of his free time, maybe 90 percent of it, at Camp. I loved hanging out there too.  It's where we met Aunt Ann Marie.  She lived on the farm right next door to Camp.  Grandpappy was not very interactive with any of his grandchildren.  We were meant to shut up and be outside.  He wasn't mean,  that's just the way it was.  He tried to go to WWII but something kept him out physically.  So he joined the local National Guard of Rutland to do his time.  His brother, Barnie, joined WWII at age 14.  For proof, if you need it, go to the cemetery in Rutland find him.  There's a veteran marker on his grave with his date of enlistment.  I didn't know many of my great aunts and uncles.  Aunt Ceil.  Bama's older sister.  She's the one that lived on the farm heading out to camp that's an optical illusion.  When her husband died she sold it and moved into Rutland.  I'm told her cousin ripped her off when buying the house.  Nothing surprises me.  The cool thing about Aunt Ceil is that she was deathly afraid of flash bulbs.  She would run and hide in a closet if anybody took a camera out.  Anyway, Grandpappy had a heart attack when he was 69.  He waited 3 days to go to the hospital and that was too much.  He died right after being admitted.  Grandpa G and Uncle Dick were great friends with him and Vermont wasn't the same without him.  Still good, just different.


Your grandparents met at Mt St Josephs in Rutland.  No relation to Uncle Joseph.  Grandpa wasn't much for school.  He was for playing pool.  He skipped just enough school at Rutland High School to play pool they kicked him out.  His Mom, your great grandma, made him go to the catholic school.  The story goes that Grandma and her best friend, both cheerleaders, were standing at the entrance to the school when two boys came walking up.  Mom quickly said I get the one on the right.  That was Grandpa. I do not know, there are really no stories, but I think they were a pretty wild couple.  No reason to think that other than how we all turned out.  Grandpa G, the James Dean, and Grandma G, head cheerleader, were a power couple.  I think, without checking, they were married in 1951.  April 19th.  2025 would be their 74th anniversary.  

All my Aunts and Uncles.  Man, I had a lot of them.  We were all very close to Grandma G's family.  Grandpa, being the baby of 18, was reluctant to talk much about his childhood.  He would visit his many brother's and sister's but not near as much as Bama's family.  Uncle Ernie was his favorite.  He owned a body shop in Rutland since the early 50's.  We'd go there to hang out and Dad would drink beers with Uncle Ernie.  They were as close as you could get in that family.  I didn't think it was that close.  I know all my cousins on that side but rarely visited with them while in Rutland.  Aunt Yvonne of course was everybody's favorite and still is today, age 82.  She was definitely all our second Mom.  Most of the time we probably liked her more because she let us do as we pleased.  We used to go to church every time we were in Rutland on a Sunday.  Then we'd get home and have a big meal.  I remember looking at all my Aunts and Uncles and thinking how old they were.  The oldest, at the time, was probably 23.  Uncle Ed.  He lived up in Burlington and was the oldest.  Grandma G died out of sequence and it always pissed me off.  Uncle Ed lived into his 90's before he passed.  Next was Uncle Don.  He's in his mid 80's now and lives in Georgie with Aunt Maryanne.  I haven't seen them in years.  Don was the jovial, talkative, jokester dude.  He was great fun.  He still is.  You met them at Aunt Yvonne's 80th birthday. He was probably the funnest of all.  Uncle Dan and Aunt Pris.  They live in North Carolina now I think and we don't really see them at all anymore.  I would visit.  If I had their address and was driving through their town.  Uncle Dan was a good dude.  I liked him.  Me and Joe would share his bed with him when he was in college.  3 of us in a double bed.  Aunt Carolyne.  She lives in Ocala FL and Vermont.  She's had 2 hole in ones. The biggest memory I have of her is that she was the first Gibeault or Senecal in our families entire history to get divorced.  I took that personally for a long time.  Her husband now, Dave, is the guy that played the guitar at Aunt Yvonne's 80th.  A good guy.  And a golfer as well.  Aunt Eileen.  The shy one.  Her husband, Uncle Phil.  Still, to this day, a chain smoker.  Eileen is a retired nurse.  I do not know her specialty but think it was ICU.  Smack me, I don't even know where they live today.  Lastly, Uncle Tom.  He's the one uncle that is younger than Uncle Gary.  He was a conscientious objector during Vietnam and wanted to become a priest.  He became a mortician instead.  His wife, Aunt Susie, was the town coroner.  They had some interest conversations I'm sure.  He's an accomplished carpenter and guitar player.  I've only recently heard that he has ALS.  I hope to see him before it gets to far.

Later I will include a complete list of Grandpa G's brothers and sisters.  There's 17 and I can't name them off hand.  I knew most of them.  Not well, but I had met them at one time or another.  

Grandpa G.  No college.  He went to a commercial artist school in Chicago for a short while.  Then he went home to Rutland and joined the Navy.  25 years.  Master Chief.  I've met good Chief's and bad ones. He as a very good one.  He was great at his job and a wonderful leader.  I always wanted to be like him (when I wasn't busy hating him as a teenager).  People loved him.  Everyone loved him.  I learned a lot seeing how he interacted with everyone.  I'm good at it too but you have to learn from someone and there was no one better at it than him. After the Navy we moved to Groton, CT and he worked for General Dynamics.  Administrative stuff.  Not long after that he got laid off and they moved to Florida.  During that layoff they just put pink slips on your desk so you knew you got the axe if one of those baby's was on yours.  One of the guys Grandpa knew had been working there 29 years.  1 year to get to retirement.  They accidently put a pink slip on his desk and he died on the spot of a heart attack.  In Orlando, Grandpa was a supply guy / QA for a company for a while.  He made enough money to save up and get the house in Edgewater, FL.  Shortly after they got they house, Aunt Mary moved from Colorado to Edgewater with Zack.  I suppose he was about 65 when he fully retired and he lived to be 89.  Not a bad retirement.

Grandpa T.  No college.  25 years in the Navy.  Rose to CWO4 but reverted back to Master Chief when he retired because it was more money at that time.  He did some EOD stuff for a while travelling to different bases and getting rid of live ordnance.  They he did some odd job stuff and then he retired.  I think he was in his late 60's when he retired.  At one point in his 60's he volunteered to go back on Active Duty and would have done so, but it wasn't approved.  Shortly after Grandma T passed, he moved to Mesa, AZ.  He enjoyed retirement and travelled a lot to see friends, family and go to EOD reunions all over the country.  I think toward the end, he was getting tired.  He had done it all.  

Grandma G was a house Mom most of her life.  I'm pretty sure her first out of the house job was as the Superintendent's Secretary on Adak, AK (72-74). So not bad, she worked for 2 years and retired after we moved to CT.  In those days you could get by on one salary.

Grandma T worked at the Navy Exchange on Adak and several banks in Colorado.  Mom says she worked her whole life but doesn't recall earlier jobs that she had.  She was around 65 when she retired.  

About my birth.  I'll be honest, I only have a couple stories about my early days.  Before I was one, Grandpa G was giving me a bath in the kitchen sink.  I was soapy when he picked me up and I slipped to the floor.  I don't remember that, just the story.  My first memory in life was when I was 4 in Newfoundland, Argentia (where Uncle Joe was born).  I remember playing on the swing in our front yard and I remember talking to my teddy bear - a real life conversation.  I don't remember what we talked about, just that we were talking.  Kind of a funny thing to remember.  I kind of start remembering my life in general when I was in first grade.  A story that sticks out from first grade, Grandpa G needed some batteries for a flashlight.  He knew he had them but couldn't find them.  He lined up all us kids and not one of us would admit to taking the.  I didn't.  To this day, no one admits it.  Possible the old man was wrong.  Oh, in first grade Uncle Gary pinned me to the ground in the back yard and spit in my mouth.  What kind of loser does that???  I walked to school with all the other kids.  10 minute walk maybe.  And walked home.  One day I stayed at the school playground and played with my friends until dark.  That was when my totally freaking out Mother pulled up in the car and found me.  I know that feeling well when a kid gets lost.  I think the biggest things happening around my first year was Elvis Pressley and Dwight Eisenhower.  Integration was becoming a huge issue and best of all, Mom was born 1957. 

Back in the 50's, everything was different.  You had kids, raised them, hoped you survived, and kicked them out at 18. You taught them what they needed to know about life and hoped you did a good job.  Very much like today I suppose only we didn't have internet, cell phones, tv's, and probably a lot of other stuff.  During the summer when we got up, we did chores and then were booted from the house to play with our friends until lunch.  After lunch we were booted out of the house until supper.  When taps played and the streetlights came on, that was our cue to get our asses home.  We mostly lived in large military communities and there were LOTS of kids.  We had enough to form 2 full baseball teams usually.  Baseball in the summer and sledding in the winter.  Heck, we didn't get our first color tv until 1969.  The first thing we watched on it was the first moon landing.  I have no memory of having a tv before that although I suppose we did.  It's also probably one of the reasons I can read today.  I learned to read with the newspaper comics once Grandpa was done devouring it for information.  I probably wasn't allowed to touch it until he had gone off to work.  We rarely, if ever, ate out.  Imagine that!  I got severe asthma age 4.  Between 8 and 11 I spent a lot of time in the hospital.  Once for nearly a whole summer in Rhode Island.  The drug, cromolyn sodium was my savior.  From 11 on I was only hospitalized once and I was 17.  Just a short while before I joined a Navy that didn't allow asthmatics to join.  Ha. 

Our sleeping arrangement.  Me, Joe and Dave in one bedroom.  Cat and Mary in another.  And Gary somehow always got his own room.  We had bunk beds and I was on the top.  There was nothing special about our bedrooms and nothing much special every happened in them except sleep.  It was a good arrangement and none of us ever complained.  

We were big Red Sox fans and watched a lot of games on TV.  I can still name every starting player on the 1969 Team.  Grandpa G would be me, Joe and Gary on a bus in Rhode Island and we'd sometimes go to a game in Boston by ourselves.  I would NEVER have let you kids do that.  The Chief's Club used to have Son's night once a week.  One time Roger Clemens was a guest.  They'd do stuff like that.  Roger still holds the most strikeouts in a World Series game - 18.  So that was cool.  I loved Spring the most.  We could play base ball, the Red Sox played, and after the Masters I could golf.  We had long, cold winters back then and when the snow melted and the grass turned green, it was always a thing of beauty.  When I wasn't home sick or at the hospital sick, I was outdoors playing with any one of 20 kids I suppose.  Baseball.  Bikes.  Climbing the garages.  Swimming.  Going to the gym.  We needed parents to take us to the beach, and feed us.  That was about it.  Besides, every parent in the neighborhood was obligated to be your parent if you screwed up.  So parents were really everywhere.  If somebody dragged me home by the ear, Grandpa G believed whatever that person said without question and I would get punished.  
I got in a fight when I was about 10.  A girl.  Romaine.  She pinned me down until I cried.  Ruined my life I think. She was the best baseball player in the neighborhood too.  I've often wondered what became of her.  Anyway, the freedom we had as children back then was indescribable.  Parents cared.  Just not much.  If we didn't come home, that would be more food for the other kids.   

We lived in Quonset Pt, RI.  A Naval Base.  Grandpa G was stationed there and was on the USS Wasp and the USS Essex.  Both aircraft carriers.  Interestingly enough, I was on both these ships with Dad and loved eating the food.  Especially the fake potatoes and fake gravy.  I honestly, my whole life, loved Navy chow.  Later in my career I went on the USS Wasp and USS Essex which were both marine carriers.  I wasn't stationed on them, I just went to do inspections or an assist.  So it was cool they keep the names of ships going.  Being in Rhode Island (in case any of you don't know what RI stands for ;)  we were 3.5 hours from Rutland, VT.  We made many trips up there.  This is where I got how you love and visit family and keep them in your lives.  Gibeault's and Senecal's were good at this.  We mostly stayed at Aunt Yvonne's, sometimes at Bama's and against our will Grandma Gibeault's.  She was always old in my memory, Uncle Ed only had one leg and it was a scary ass house.  And no kids were ever there but us.  We have all the cousins at Aunt Yvonne's and always had fun.  Joe and I helped Uncle Dick build a porch for their above ground pool one summer in maybe the late 60's.  I loved Vermont.  Still do.  It doesn't make me feel young, just good and warm and comfortable.

Grandpa G was in Spain and Grandma G brought all of us to the fair in Brunswick, Maine.  Mary wasn't born yet.  We had a good time and then packed up in the car - a station wagon - and Grandma was going to take us to a hamburger joint.  We were all excited.  You ordered from the car and they brought it out to you.  Gary went first being the oldest.  When it got to Dave there was no answer.  He was probably 3 at the time.  Mom hollered out for him again.  Nothing.  That's because we had left him at the fair.  Mom flew back to the place and all us kids went searching.  Which, if you think about it was kind of strange sending all your young kids out to find your lost brother.  One of us, I think Gary, found him on a cop's shoulders and he was eating a big old cotton candy.  Okay, so all is well in the world and we could go back to the hamburger joint, right?  Wrong!  We went straight home and Mom put a couple boxes of cereal on the table, popped a couple valiums I suppose, and went to bed.  To put this in perspective.  We lived in Maine two years and NEVER ate out.  So we were pissed.  Dave probably paid for that mistake for years ;).

Up until about age 11, I was a baseball nut.  Shortstop and pitcher.  I was an all star SS but don't know one way or the other if I was a good pitcher.  A little wild but I liked being on the mount.  I was a great hitter and you would never walk me.  If you rolled the ball on a full count, I would swing at it and get a base hit.  I never once hit a home run though.  Too much of a squirt I suppose.  At the all star game in my final year in little league, I hit a beauty to right center and rounded first.  I found out real quick why this team was going to beat us.  The center fielder scooped the ball up and to my surprise through it to first and got me.  What was so bad about that was that the other team threw a one hitter - and that one hit was ME.  I had to get driven home from the game so it wasn't possible for me to kick my glove all the way!  I was way too small to play ball in high school.  I tried but when you're only 4 feet tall and some inches that field is way to big for you.  I quit after one game.  That's when I found golf.

I came home from school one day in the spring and Mom called me up to the kitchen.  There sat a brand new set of Wilson K28 golf clubs.  That is really when I found golf.  There was a fence in our back yard at Quonset Pt, RI.  30 yards past that fence was the 18th green of what is now North Kingstown Golf Club.  I must have played a thousand rounds there and remember like it was right now shooting my first legit 79.  I had to sink a ten footer in a quickly fading sunlight to secure that feet.  Age?  12.  It was also where I had my first job.  I caddied for the pro, Charlie.  He would give me $2 and buy me a hot dog after the 9th hole.  I didn't care.  At 12 i had no need for money as long as I can recall.  The hot dog was the real pay.  25 cents.  Average pay was $3 and a really good job, $4.  I caddied for others but mostly I was Charlie's caddy.  I bagged tees; cleaned clubs and shoes; watered fairways and greens; put the carts down in the barn; collected balls at the range, ran the range.  Watering the fairways and greens was all done manually.  I learned to drive the WWII jeep and would go out with all the sprinklers.  I'd put them in and the water came on.  Later I'd go and take them out.  Same with the greens. Thinking back, some of the holes must have had automatic sprinklers cause I only remember doing a few holes on the back 9.  All of this, my children, and how much do you think I got paid?  ZERO.  Never got paid for it.  NEVER wanted pay.  Dad paid $40 a year for a family pass to the course.  I kept those K28 clubs for years.  As Adam knows, I was never one to buy golf clubs until he started playing.  The sand wedge I carry came from Uncle Ron.  We even call it "Uncle Ron". It was old when I got it and that was 45 years ago (today being 2025).  I bet it was at least 10 or 15 years old.  I do love that club though.  

Every day if the sun was out a bunch of us kids would go to the base pool.  It was a 10 minute walk from the house and cost ten cents to get in.  That's probably where I spent my $2 caddying.  Buying a hot dog, some chips and a coke.  But, that was only 50 cents.  I probably bought Joe his too.  You had to pass hour swim test to go to the pool without your parents.  You had to swim one lap and then tread water for 1 minute and then swim the rest of the way in.  We all got our swim card well before 10.  I remember diving off the high dive for the first time.  I damn near hit the ladder and the lifeguard yelled at me.  That pool was fun.  We rarely went to the beach because Grandma always had babies at home that didn't have swim cards!

Uncle Dave got hit by a car in the front of our house when he was 4.  Screwed his leg up and he got spoiled for a couple weeks.  I remember him always laying on the couch.

My memories of childhood were mostly about just having fun.  Sports stick out.  And swimming and always having lots of kids around to play with.  I used to get allergy shots once a week.  I'd walk by myself to the hospital, get the shot, and go home.  Maybe a half mile each way.  Never needed a parent to go with me.  Back then I think they thought that most of the Dad's were deployed and the Mom's had enough on their plate with all the kids so maybe that's why they let me do this by myself. Or, and this is possible, they were just stupid. When Grandpa would take me to the ER for an asthma attack, I would lay in bed sick for hours because I didn't want to wake Dad up.  Not that he would get mad, which he never did, but because I knew he needed sleep too.  It could also be that I was having such an attack that it took me 2 hours to get the energy up to go get him.  He'd smoke all the way there and back.  Never once though smoke could be bad for me.  Not his fault.  Often we'd be there till 6 in he morning.  He'd bring me home and get ready for work.  Asthma was either way worse back then or I just had a bad case of it.  It got so bad at times that I couldn't watch sports on TV. I mention the asthma as a memory because I was sick a lot.  I also got out of a lot of chores by using it as an excuse.  It never once affected me swimming or playing sports.  Dust and fresh cut grass or hay.  They all nearly did me in.  I will tell you that when I got older and started smoking pot, I never had to take my asthma drugs.   Maybe it was a cure.  I don't know but it worked for me.

Who were my friends?  This is an interesting topic.  When I was in first grade there was a kid whom I do not remember that was my best friend.  And then one day he moved.  I always had as many friends as I needed but I didn't have another best friend until I joined the Navy.  Wayne.  Then Randy. I always had my brothers, sisters, and cousins.  I met your mother in 11th grade but she was far too cool to hang out with the likes of me.  I had a lot of friends in high school but one sticks out more than the others.  Rick.  Rick went on to be a heroin addict until one day he met another heroin addict and they kicked together, got married and had 11 kids last I knew.   Besides Mom, you kids, and relatives, my friends along the way became golf buddies.  You guys all had lots of friends but I don't remember you attaching yourself to just one person as a best friend.  I hope I'm wrong but I'm afraid you are a lot like me. 

I didn't dream of being anything when I was a kid.   I mean, I dreamt about being a pro baseball player or golfer but that was just to help  me go to sleep.  I never did anything toward achieving either of those goals.  Mostly cause I was too small and too broke.  I think I could have done well with golf but I don't dwell on it.  I'm as good as I can be.  That's still not always enough because even as I get older, I think I still have good golf left in me.  What did I think I'd become?  Well, I was 18 and getting ready to go out and party with my friends when the folks wanted to have that conversation too.  I told them I was joining the Navy the next day.  At that point in time, I have never once, not for a second, thought about joining the Navy.  I just told them that so I could go out.  The next morning at 5, Grandpa woke me up and drove me to the detailers office.  22+ years later I retired as a Senior Chief with retirement pay and medical benefits for life.  I became an Aviation Storekeeper for no other reason than, well, there was no real reason.  I just took that job.  Turns out I was good at it.  Not really good at it, just that I learned to have a good work ethic.  Or I already had one.  I got married and had kids and everything seemed to work out as it was supposed to.  My whole life has been being good, being nice, and sharing those feeling with everyone around me.  My job was not my life.  Not at all.  My family and friends are what made my life so good.  I've never once missed the Navy.  I just moved on to another job that would allow me to continue having fun and making the most out of this life. If I had dreams, they were for my children to grow up and have a fun and meaningful life.  I think you all have. 

My neighbors as a kid.  None to note.  However, right across the street from us at Quonset, lived a black family.  The Benson's.  I was good friends with Estes, their only child.  Good friends?  We knew each other and played together.  I think they were the only black family on the whole base.  When we went to 9th grade in 1969, there was 1980 whites kids, and maybe 20 blacks.  I can't imagine having to face that for Estes.  He started hanging around with only black kids and started talking like a brutha all the time.  It wasn't that we weren't friends but race won out.  I hardly ever talked to him again and when I did I couldn't understand a word coming out of his mouth.  He went on to be a good kid.  Went to college and got a job but around age 40 died of Leukemia.  Never married.  Another odd neighbor I had was Mitchell Mash.  He lived right next door to Estes.  Mitchell liked to start fires in the fields and poke frogs with needles until they died.  He was my age.  I've looked but never read or heard that he became a serial killer.  His father was a Vietnam Marine.  One day Mitchell cut himself on something and ran up his steps to his house when his Dad came out, the Vietnam Marine.  When that guy saw the blood on his kids hand, he started screaming and totally freaking out.  Apparently blood wasn't his thing.  The rest of my neighbors were just normal guys I played a lot of baseball with.  

Favorite foods.  Canned corn and canned green beans!  For sure!  Oh no, that's your Mom ;).   My favorite foods of all time outside the house are Micky D Hamburgers and Gill's Grinders.  My first memory eating fast food was Burger King Whopper.  Literally, one of my top 3 meals of all time.  I can still taste how that whopper tasted 60 years ago.  Damn.  It was so good. In my entire time living with my parents I don't think we ate out more than 5 times.  Very close to that.  We ate at home.  Mom would put a meal, any meal, on the table.  Dad went first then it was a free for all.  If you wanted seconds you had to eat very, very fast.  I always, from birth maybe, wanted seconds on potatoes and gravy.  I was definitely a potatoes and gravy eating gold medal winner.  I still eat fast to this day and now you know the reason.  Grandma used to serve almost all the time, boiled potatoes.  I literally have no memory of her serving mashed potatoes.  Your Mother started that.  I prefer mash but will never turn down a potato.  A popular meal at our house was ham and scalloped potatoes.  I have never liked that meal.  Even when your Mom cooked it.  If I had to make a guess, you do not get gravy from a ham so I developed a disliking for ham.  Spaghetti.  Second place.  We always had a desert before going to bed.  The more pure sugar you could suck down before tucking yourself in for the night, the better.  Mostly it was ice cream.  We'd always get this about a half hour before bedtime.  Speaking of sugar, I loved rice crispies as kid.  I'd have 4 pieces of burnt toast for breakfast covered in cinnamon sugar and a couple bowls of rice crispies.  There was no limit as to how much sugar you could put on them.  I'm guessing we went through 20 pounds of sugar a week.  In my house today with Mom, a 5 lb bag of sugar could last 5 years.  Favorite desert?  No bakes.  Nothing else even close.  

Pets?  Asthma put a kibosh on pets. When I was 17 in Connecticut your Grandma got a dog.  Kada.  Adak spelled backwards.  I didn't pay much attention to it really but Aunt Mary enjoyed getting it high.  

What did I like about Elementary School?  I was going to say not a damn thing but then I remembered I was pretty good at tether ball.  I liked that.   I remember drawing some pictures the day JFK was buried.  I went to 3 schools in 5th grade alone.  Oh, I do remember my first day of school.  I didn't go to kindergarten.  I started age 5 in first grade.  I vividly, as if I was doing it right now, remember watching Mom leave after she dropped me off and crying like the baby I was into my pencil box.  From that very moment on, I hated school.  For the next 12 years, I had no use for school other than to meet my friends there.   I could read, write and do math.  What else do you need?  About the only memory I have of middle school is that I got glasses.  6th grade?  I remember walking into my class and sitting down and looking at the board and freaked out because for the first time in years, I could actually SEE the writing on the board.  I thought, "that's what the teachers doing up there"!  I liked kickball too.  And dodgeball.  Brennen once told me he didn't learn a damn thing all year from his 4th grade teacher.  I was that way too but all the way up to 12th grade.  School sucked.  

Things I got away with as a kid my folks didn't know about.  Hmmm.  Until I was a teenager I'd have to honestly say nothing.  I never peeked at Christmas presents.  I never snuck out of the house.  I was sick a lot.  I was basically a pretty good kid.  I did as I was told.  I didn't sass.  Did chores.  The teen years changed all that of course.  Just like it did you guys.

I loved baseball.  Grandpa G was even my little league coach until they banned him for life for fighting an umpire.  I was a pitcher and a short stop.  I don't remember if I was a good pitcher but I was a very good short stop.  The fun part about playing ball for me was batting.  I was a monster.  No homers.  Just lots of hits.  We lived on a base so they had a gym we could use; tennis courts; football fields and basketball courts.  And a golf course.  So I dabbled in everything but golf and baseball were my thing.  Yes.  It's true.  Joe was catching for me and we lost a game and I kicked my glove all the way home.  I think it was so I wouldn't kick Joe and get in trouble.  As for playing on a team?  Eh.  I'm more of an individual sport guy.  

One day I felt like crap on the bus.  As soon as I got off I puked.  That's a solid memory of my school days.  Maybe 4th or 5th grade.  We always rode a bus to school all the way through high school.  When we got home from school, if it was nice out, Mom would kick us out until supper.  She started working when I was in Alaska.  So maybe 11th grade.  Almost always there were kids around so we'd play whatever sport was in season.  I doubt we were ever bored as children.  I don't remember how we knew it was time for supper but I can say we never missed a meal.  Maybe Mom yelled for us.  Maybe we need we would die if we were late.  I don't remember.  After supper.  Kitchen and dining room and then our asses were out the front door until dark.  More of same.  Playing.  Playing.  Playing.  At sundown Taps would play and the lights would come on.  Again, we knew we have 3 minutes to get home.  If it was raining we would stay in and watch cartoons. If it was snowing we'd hit the hill on the golf course behind the house and sled.  I had a bike I rode a lot.  Our biggest sneak was to climb on the garage roofs.  There was a line of about 7 of them attached.  No one ever fell and died.  If we did fall and get hurt, excluding dying, we never told our parents about it.  That would only lead to trouble.  There was a big water tower near the pool.  A couple times me and Joe climbed it.  Pretty cool.  That may have been the most dangerous thing I did as a kid.

Maybe it was because nobody had any money to feed neighborhood kids; maybe it was because parents didn't want more kids in their house after a tough day at work; maybe we were just all raised to be outdoor kids; I don't know, but I don't have any memories of going over to a friends house for any reason.  Ever.  Maybe I wasn't allowed to.  We played outside.  I don't remember birthday parties or sleep overs.  Because I had asthma I probably wasn't allowed to and that was a good idea.  Dogs and cats really didn't mix well with my breathing as a kid.  Or fresh cut grass or hay.  Show stoppers to be sure.  When I was 14, I spent the night at Andy Tucker's house.  We were high school buddies and golf pals.  We rode his mini bike around his farm.  That was the night I thought it would be cool to be going 25 mph on the bike and kick a bale of hay.  I thought it would explode.  It didn't.  I fell but didn't get hurt.  Andy is now a golf professional here in Denver and every now and then we get together and golf.  We get along now just like we did then.  I got drunk with him as a kid.  We shot gunned too many beers.  He got sick first.  I got sick after I got home.  Was laying on the couch when the room started spinning.  I thought it was cool until the puking started.  Learned that one real quick.  I always had friends but none I would really call best friends.  That's was Joe was for.  Still is to a large degree.  I got my kids and grands and that suits me just fine.  Wayne was my best Navy buddy and then along came Randy.  Before then it was really just the 6 kids hanging.  Your Grandparents were not yellers and screamers.  They don't us to do something.  We did it.  We weren't afraid of them, we just have an innate understanding these two people were in charge of our lives.  Another thing about going to a friends house, I would have to eat cooking by someone other than my mother and grandmother and Aunt Yvonne.  That never happened.  I would starve myself first.  I don't know why.  I'm still a lot like that today.  Your mother and I's first fight was over some gravy she tried to make to surprise me with.  Thing is you can't get gravy out of 2 chicken breasts.  She asked and I told her it sucked.  She got better at cooking over the years and I got better at keeping my opinions to myself.  

I have a couple movie theater experiences.  When we went to a movie theater they always played war clips before the movie and then the national anthem.  It never occurred to anyone in that theater not to stand up.  You just did it.  Then you sat your ass back down and watched the movie.  I'd say it cost a quarter a kid to get in.  I can't name one movie I saw as a kid, just that we did it sometimes.  Almost always during the day and almost always without the parents.  Much later in life I needed to find a friend in a packed theater in Alaska.  So I walked down the aisle calling for Richard.  Finally found him and yelled out "come on, let's go get high."  That's my last movie theater experience as a kid.  I took a girl to go see Jaws.  That was pretty awesome.  17 at the time.  Your mother hated this girl.  We were in Connecticut and Mom lived in Rhode Island. 

I didn't really have a relationship with Grandpa until I got married and started having kids.  I had every single thing I ever needed as a child.  He worked multiple jobs to make sure all his kids got that (all 6 of us).  Of all the Dad's I knew back then I think I had the best one.  I think I learned the most about life just by watching how he lived it.  I didn't think that way at the time.  He was a good man, a good friend, a good husband and a good Dad.  He checked all the boxes.  I wouldn't call us friends really.  He was Dad.   Although I tried many  times in high school to ruin our relationship, it survived.  And that's on him, not me.  Of course he was gone a lot with the Navy, when he was home, we towed the line.  We went to church every Sunday and there was never a night the dishes stayed in the sink until morning.  Your grandfather was a good dude.  When Grandma was alive, when we could afford it, we could call them long distance (expensive).  We always talked to Grandma.  That includes when we called Mom's parents.  The Dad's had their cocktails and cigarettes and didn't really want to fuss with a phone call.  After both Grandma's died, they became excellent phone companions and we called all the time.  Not every day Adam, but a lot.  This is when our relationship changed from being father and son, to friends.  It was a great period of my life and I hope, his.  I miss him and I think about him all the time.  I lost a very good friend when he left us and as I said earlier, I don't have many friends.  I see him on my frame all the time and it's one of the things I love about that thing the most. 

I think Mom looked after me the most because I was sick all the time.  I had measles and mumps like everyone did but I also had a very difficult childhood because of asthma. I think my asthma was so bad that your grandparents thought I could die during every attack.  I was hospitalized a lot.  One time for the whole summer.  Cromolyn Sodium was a miracle drug for me.  As long as I used it, it would stop me from getting attacks.  Mom spoiled me.  More than the others. I'd say she was really no different than your Mom.  No different than Nicky and no different from Erin.  She loved me unconditionally and there were lots of times I'm sure she struggled with that.  Everyone in the world should have a Mom like my girls.  When I left home for the last time I was 18.  I was going to Florida with a friend who had just been released from prison for being in possession of 8 pounds.  I worked with him and he needed a ride to North Carolina.  We weren't really good pals.  At 3 in the afternoon just before I was ready to leave, Mom cooked me a steak.   It was such a great moment.  She was a great mother, grandmother, friend, sister, wife, etc.  A natural.  Just like you guys.  One day, I was about 11.  I came home from school and ran into the kitchen.  Mom had bought me a set of Wilson K28 Golf Clubs.  I can't think of any of my other siblings ever getting something as expensive as that just on a whim.  It was no special occasion.  The folks just decided to get me the clubs.  I wish I still had them.  I used to love to brush her hair.   The only punishment she ever gave me was "Just wait till your father gets home".  I don't think she ever told him.  Ha.  I was a lucky and spoiled kid.  She was the leader of our family really and was even the leader of her family in VT.  Her and Aunt Yvonne organized everything.  I suspect they paid for it too.  Anyway, Mom was as good as it gets.  

Although I should have been, I was not afraid of dying from an asthma attack.  Asthma is controlled today with medicine.  You don't see kids getting attacks like I did now.  I went to the ER so much I could tell the doctors exactly what they needed to do.  Nope.  I was afraid of the dark.  Because of my upbringing in the church, we always said prayers before we went to sleep.  I literally would pray to God not to let me wake up blind the next day.  I still don't like the dark and when I'm in a hotel room by myself I always leave the bathroom light on.  Adam and Brennen always surprised me because they liked the room as dark as they could get it.  Fuck that.  I wanted a light on.  When Mom leaves town to visit Lori, yes, a light is on somewhere in the house.  I'm not embarrassed to admit it.  If I was afraid of anything else when I was a kid it would be that I couldn't finish my first serving at the dinner table fast enough to get a second helping.  I was also afraid that it would rain on little league baseball games.  I hated to get rained out.

What did I do with my siblings?  I was the 3rd born and Joe was the 4th.  We were always close and roamed the neighborhood and whatever base we lived on together.  We played a lot of baseball.  Catch in yard, little league games.  The pool.  The gym.  Above me was Cathy.  We didn't do anything together except eat at the table.  And kitchen dishes.  Nearly all of us kids were 3 years apart.  I have one memory of Gary as a kid.  I was in first grade.  In our yard, with the parents within sight, he pinned me on the ground and spit in my mouth. 
He was 6 years older than me and I don't think he liked any of us.  Not surprising being the oldest.  Dave and Mary were much younger and we didn't have much interaction.   I hope I'm not repeating myself too much.  I'm kind of getting tired of what my relationships were.  I had a great childhood in a great family and a great military base to play on.  I would dare say, much like all my kids and grands.  If you come from a loving family, chances are you'll have a loving family yourself.  

My childhood made me into who I am today.  So I don't miss anything about it.  I've kept in touch best I can with all my siblings as adults.  If I had to miss anything it would be that I had a LOT of time to golf.  Mom and Dad gave us the freedom to grow up into who we would become.  You can't force that.  You just do the best you can do and hope your kids turn out okay.  Mom is an outstanding cook as you know.  But, my Mom, your Grandma, could nail gravy from any kind of meat.  I don't really care about any other food group.  Gravy almost ruined my marriage to Mom in the first couple months.  She cooked 2 chicken breasts and made gravy.  When asked if I liked it I was not smart enough to say I did.  I said it sucked.  It did.  Mom knew it did.  But look what happened, she became and expert!!!

I turned 13 in 1969.  I was in 8th grade.  I did not go to kindergarten so I started school at 5.  So I was actually 12 for half of 8th grade.  So I was the youngest and the smallest kid in the class.  My size was never diagnosed but I suspect I was on a lot of steroids as a kid and that may have saved my life from asthma, it probably stunted my growth.  I caught the bus to school and at least 15 kids from my neighborhood got on at the same spot.  In the summer of 1969 there was of course, Woodstock.  Maybe 100 miles from where we lived.  America also landed on the moon.  The day we landed on the moon was the same day we got our first color television.  A 25 inch Quasar works in a drawer.  Dad turned it on just as Neil Armstrong said "One giant leap for men, etc."  Google it!  I'll bet Dad was proud as could be buying that TV.  I golfed as much as I could and one day at 13, the sun was setting and I was late for supper, and on the 18th hole.  I missed the green off the tee and chipped to about 10 feet.  I sunk that damn putt for my first 79.  No one saw it but me and God.  I mostly hung out with adults up at the club house.  Later, in 9th grade, I had a few friends from school I played with.  I caddied for the club pro.  Charlie Oconnor.  He gave me $2 and bought me a hot dog after 9 holes.  He really didn't even have to pay me.  I don't remember what I bought with that $2.  I'm guessing fries in the snack bar!  I cleaned clubs and shoes; bagged tees in the pro-shop; returned the carts to the barn; watered the fairways and raked traps.  Again, I don't remember ever getting paid for this.  I learned to drive a stick at 13.  An old WWII Jeep.  Any time I wanted to take it out on the course to water the fairways I didn't have to ask.  I think I taught myself.  I was a pretty good golfer but I never in my life took one lesson.  I imagine how good I could have been if I had.
Like I did in grades 1 - 7, I hated school in the 8th grade.  Other than the kids in my neighborhood, I don't remember having any friends in this grade that I did things with outside of school.  In those days, doing things outside with friends was expensive and didn't happen much.  I had all the friends I wanted at school, all the friends I wanted in the neighborhood and I had baseball and golf.  So I had a happy 8th grade as you could.  My life evolved around the base so there was not a lot of things we could do to get in trouble.  That would all happen later. 

I was 13 and 14 in 9th grade.  Out of 2000 students, only one kid was smaller than me.  John Freeman.  Imagine that, I still remember his name.  I rode the bus but it was a much longer drive.  North Kingstown High School in Rhode Island.  Jimi Hendrix died when I was a freshman.  And later Janis Joplin.  I wasn't into music at all at that time.  Cathy and Gary were at the same school.  I never saw them during the day and if I did, Gary was an asshole showing off in front of his friends.  First of all, I tried out for the baseball team.  I played one game.  I was just too damned small and that field was too damn big.  It was sad because I was a really good ballplayer but just wasn't big enough.  I could always hit the golf ball long, where a good swing could compensate for a punk ass size.  I didn't try out for the golf team because you had to be a professional and/or a junior.  Gary played on the team.  There once was a time he could beat me.  That day has passed!  Now the sad part and another reason that added to my long list of why I hated school.  My class was an experimental class.  I didn't have any teachers.  Just books.  Me.  Assignments.  And tests.  I did not do well is this environment that continued on through my sophomore year.  I learned to do as little as possible to pass.  There was no competition.  You just did the assignment by yourself all day and went home.  I met Andy Tucker as a freshman and we were friends and golf mates.  Again, I had a lot of friends but I didn't live close enough to most of them.  I always had my neighborhood friends.  My neighbor and first black friend was Estes Benson.  He was a good friend until high school.  I think there were 10 black kids in that school.  So Estes hung out with them and very quickly started talking like a brother so much I couldn't understand him anymore.  I didn't see much of him at all after that even though he lived 100 feet from me.  Another kid my age liked to light fires and poke frogs with needles.  Mitchell.   Unless his name changed I never heard about him being a serial killer.  Safe to say I did not learn one thing in 9th or 10th grade.  Both in Rhode Island.  In 10th grade I played more golf and smoked pot for the first time.  With Joe.  It wasn't that awesome, just kind of a fun thing to try.  Neither Joe or I became drug addicts from that first time.  

At age 15 we moved to Adak, Alaska.  I was a junior.  Adak was cool.  I had a lot of friends.  I daresay I was pretty popular.  I met your Mom.  School was finally normal but it was too late for me.  I had no desire to learn school stuff.  I already knew what I needed to know to get me through the rest of my life.   I did not go to the Junior Prom but I took Laura Carson to the Senior Prom.  I'm still good friends with her today. I learned a lot about myself in Alaska and it molded me into who I because as an adult.  I learned to deal with all kinds of people and situations.  I met your Mom on the school bus the day before she was leaving the island for Rhode Island.  We talked and she must have impressed me.  The next day I met her at the airport and gave her 10 self addresses and stamped envelopes.  I don't have a memory of this but I'm glad I did it.  She was so damned cool you cannot believe it.  And beautiful.  Just the fact she would talk to me was like a life moment for me.  I later moved to CT and would hitch hike down to see Mom on the weekends sometimes.  Even then I was not best friends with your Grandfather.  Oh, one last story about school.  You've probably heard it.  I had to read War and Peace for the English final.  If you failed the final you failed the grade and had to do 12th again.  There was no way on the planet was gonna read a 1000 page book.  I went to the teach, Dave Sadowski, and told him I'd give him a 4 finger bag of weed if he gave me a D.  And that is how I graduated from high school.  Dad got transferred and we moved in April so i wasn't at my graduation.  Either they gave it to me before we left or mailed it to me.  It's here in the house somewhere.  I kept it cause that's what you're supposed to do, not because I was proud of completing a bull shit lifetime of poor curriculum studies. I did not want to go to first grade.  No chance.  I had a good thing going with Grandma at home.  I remember, as if it happened 5 minutes ago, Mom dropping me off and leaving me forever.  I opened my pencil box and cried into it.  I had a kid in my class named Dick Tracy.  First through 12th grade I hated.  I loved my life, just hated the schooling part of it.  Even going to the golf college sucked.  More classes that were stupid and unnecessary.  Oh, we had two Volkswagens on Adak.  I already knew how to drive a stick from the WWII jeep.  I got my license in a white out.  That's when it's snowing so hard you can't see your hand in front of your face.  We left for my test on an otherwise clear day and 2 minutes later it was snowing so hard the guy told me to return and he passed me.  I also failed the written test by 1 question.  The guy looks through the caged window and asks me how many sides on a stop sign.  Or what color it is.  I told him.  He erased my answer, colored in the right one, and passed me.  It was my 16th birthday 1972.  That seems like a long time ago but remember this, your Great Grandmother Gibeault was born in 1889.  Oh, and yes, beer and pot were very much a part of high school.  I got caught sometimes.  Sometimes didn't.  It wasn't like I needed an escape or anything, literally everybody got high.  



 

  