Lessons for Kaci

Whether you are playing for the first time or are a veteran golfer there is nothing like a tune up, or lesson, to assist you with 
getting off to a great start every time you tee it up.  I'm going to start with the novice and attempt to bring you into the fould of 
golf enthusiasts. It's a wonderful place to be I assure you.  Veteran golfers also need help at every level in the sport. Even Tiger Woods.  
Feel free to chirp in.  If you can say it better or want to ask something - please do. If Tiger needs an assist from me or wants
to offer his golf knowledge, he is also welcome.  I know it from first hand experience that he will be providing some of the lessons I
plan on offering.  

My life, on every level, is fantastic.  I am lucky and I know it. I have a beautiful and loving wife, amazing kids and grands, brothers 
and sisters - Gary, Cathy, Gregg, Joe, Dave and Mary Ellen - the best Aunts, Uncles and Cousins anyone can have, and friends all over the 
world.  Yes Dad, of course you are included atop that list. My grandparents and my Mom are no longer with us but will always be in my heart 
when I need them. 

Yet, with all these  positive things that happen daily while I'm marching through life, and for reasons I can't explain, I need more.  I 
want something else. To fill a void that on a conscious level I don't even really know exists but is there - ever present. I think you know
what it is. Yup. Golf. I live and breathe golf.  I think about it all the time.  I watch it at every opportunity on TV and when I can 
I'll go to tournaments. I don't "play" golf.  I simply - golf. I lay my head on the pillow at night and golf goes to sleep with me. Sometimes 
it keeps me awake to which I don't mind. It definitely is what keeps me off the clock tower. For the youngsters that don't understand that 
reference, golf is my happy place.  We all have one.  I hope you take this journey with me and maybe, just maybe, golf
can be your happy place too.        
  
I have been golfing since I was 10.  My first jobs were on a golf course. $2 and a hot dog at the turn caddying 18 holes for 
the club pro. Raking traps, cleaning clubs, watering the greens and fairways.  I learned to drive the WWII jeep we had to get us around
the course at night.  I was 12.  Several trips to Alaska took me away from the sport for several years but once stateside and to warmer
weather, nothing could keep me away.  And no, golfing in freezing weather and high winds was not fun so I abstained while in the 49th 
state. Not having a golf course probably was a deterrent as well. 

I spent 22 years in the Navy playing on many golf teams and won the club championship in Patuxent River, MD.  I would go to the golf course at
night and park the car with the lights on facing out on the range and practice.  I played or practiced nearly every day and got pretty
good.  After the Navy I went to the San Diego Golf Academy to pursue a career in golf.  I graduated but quickly learned - through my
wife - that golf is not the highest of paying jobs.  Oh well, you roll with the punches.

Today I play as much as I can find the time for and, like as a child, still love this thing I do as much as I always have. I have no
idea how much I'll write but will do the best I can to get you to the course with the right clothes on, the right equipment and the right 
attitude.  There is a tremendous amount of pride gained by hitting your first good shot and every one after that.  It's exciting and fun 
and it's yours for the taking. 

						Lesson One
						
        

