She lay in complete darkness, unmoving.  The alarm went off in her ear as a slight buzz and she instantly started running through 
her checklist.  A tiny camera on the tree next to her alerted her to movement. The first was the limo pulling up to the house.

The next buzz came 5 minutes later and she was ready and waiting.  She slowly lifted her head through the dirt and leaves that
had been covering her all night.  She stretched her fingers in place for a few moments and lifted the rifle up to ground level.  Her 
target was leaving the house and walking toward her limousine with a cup of coffee in one hand and the phone in her other.  She
was talking to someone.  The sun had not completely risen but the sky reflected a beautiful day to come.

Gripping the weapon lightly in both hands she placed the crosshairs from the scope onto the Speaker of the House
and settled on the heart.  500 yards.  Easy smeasy.  One slow breath, hold it, fire.  

Her escpae was meticulously pre-planned and simple.  The retort from the shot still rung in her ears as she pushed out of the hole that had been
her hiding place, the rifle already broke down and stored in it's case before she stood.  No alarm had been sounded yet.  Even the driver hadn't noticed
his employer was laying dead on the grass.  She pulled the coveralls down and took them off revealing a young woman with long brown hair wearing a nice
pair of jeans, a simple dark blue blouse and a pair of tennis shoes.  She walked with a mission for 3/4 of a mile until she reached her car. Once 
inside she took off the wig and put on a pair of sunglasses.  There was no victory dance.  Had you seen her you would have thought she
was driving to the grocery store which is exactly what she did.  Later that afternoon she picked up her only child from school.  She might have been
mother of the year.   

61 years passed and she was the mother of 4, grandmother of 11 and missed being a great grandmother by 6 weeks.  She loved babies. She 
loved her life.  Her husband Evan had died 23 years ago.  She did not remarry.  

14 minutes had passed since she had killed the congresswoman.  The police were now responding.  736 miles away outside the city of Atlanta, Georgia Senator
Torthison placed his half full coffee cup into the sink.  He had to get started on what would undoubtedly be a 
very long day including a short plane ride.  He loved his new home and looked forward to the coming years of enjoying it.  His wife would
arrive tomorrow and start working her magic on their new digs.  He picked up his briefcase, walked through the front door and stepped
onto the sidewalk, taking his time locking it for the very first time. Exactly 5 seconds later there was an explosion and the Senate would soon be voting on 
replacing the Majority Leader.  The bomb had been placed in the cement during the new construction.  Stepping onto
the concrete alerted his would be assassin to exactly where he was now standing.  The man that initiated the detonation 
was stuck in LA traffic on on his way into work when he received the signal.  Later that night he would destroy the phone.

He had a wonderful life that tragically ended somewhat prematurely.  He enjoyed retirement with his wife and family for 12 years before 
cancer took him at 67. 

Neither husband or wife ever mentioned what they had done to another breathing soul. There was no conspiracy outside of themselves.  If either wanted
to talk about it, it was with each other.  Sometimes years would go by.  They were the only team members. There was guilt but guilt borne of necessity.
Soldiers feel pain, guilt and remorse.  They knew and accepted that.  They had ventured onto the dark side only once
but it was a moment that was heard around the world for a very long time.   The internet, TV and the written news kept it alive like a fire burning in your
living room.  The United States, the world, everyone, couldn't help but to wonder "who's next."    

       
    
